Wednesday morning: material exploration towards "semantic spans"

Not much finished code progress (other than two mundane functions factored
out). But I did finish through a prototype of inlined span annotations, only to
realize I'd kept things too "simple" (read restrictive); on the other hand,
opening it will probably end being actually simpler. A useful way to think
about this may be "top-down simplicity can imply much more complexity at lower
layers; this is compounding problematic if your top-down simplicity doesn't
accommodate needed use cases".

The goal is to allow debugging info to demarcate sections of code for the
semantic benefit of debugging (like the tracelog viewer). The way the tracelog
frontend mines these out is by matching `call` and `ret` ops out of the trace.
It uses a stack to form start/end span pairs which can have children. These
spans describe a well-formed tree.

So building on that experience, I set out to let the program author (through
the assembler, and into machine code) define such start/end span pairs, that
would be well-formed. What I didn't realize soon enough was that the ability to
have that well-formed tree is a property of a _process_ which _programs_ don't
share!

In a _program_ a routine can have multiple exits. And now that I write that
sentence, I'm also reminded that you may well want to equivocate multiple
entrances semantically in certain optimization cases (e.g. OSR and its ilk).
Furthermore my intuition makes me dubious of even the "well-nested" weaker
property, let alone this more mundane aspect of multiplicity.

Anyhow, it actually turns out to be simpler to support this sort of "this is an
open, this is a close"... and then only pull out spans from _processes_ based
on how they encounter these opens and closes. I got ~60% of the way through
pivoting to this approach before running out of time.

Next up I should be able to finish out open/close style semantic spans, and can
even shift the `call`/`ret` annotation work into the assembler now, rather than
rely on data-mining-lite in the tracelog viewer...
